good evening the main purpose of this
video is to thank you guys for your
unbelievable generosity and resolution
in response to my opening up the
possibility of sending in donations five
thousand US dollars were raised in just
eight hours that shows more than
generosity that shows I think a kind of
resolution a kind of will a kind of
desire a kind of demand for change in my
prior video in this already reflected on
the mixed emotions motivations
aspirations that will be bringing people
to this event that will be inspiring
people to give money in trying to post
this short update video I actually
recorded an earlier version of this
where I was much more elated and
surprised and expressing you know my
gratitude and you know even though it
was a very sincere video I decided to
delete it because I did not want to
appear to be gloating of course I'm
surprised of course I'm amazed and of
course I feel gratitude towards you guys
but still I think we have to talk about
this with some sense of gravity as said
before many people's lives have been
destroyed and we're resolving to do
something in terms of the process of the
law in terms of seeking justice in terms
of calling for accountability in terms
of enforcing minimum ethical standards
in a social movement that prides itself
on its ethics ultimately with all that
in mind in looking at my first video I
decided it it wasn't an appropriate
thing to to share with you so instead
you're getting this relatively boring
state would front me up sorry um a few
questions have come up many people want
to know if I've been talking to lawyers
and what the lawyers have to say yes
I've been talking to lawyers and what
the lawyers have to say is they want me
to treat all of their advice as
completely confidential and certainly at
this stage there is very little I can
say after certain hurdles have been
crossed I may be able to reflect on the
situation more with you there are to be
honest many kind of funny and
interesting anecdotes I could relate
from my conversations with the lawyers
some of the lawyers I spoke to in
Australia have past experience with
during writer himself you know with his
prior cases and so they had their own
emotional and intellectual attachments
to the the situation that I'm in and the
potential outcomes for for this legal
challenge um but yeah at this time
there's almost nothing I can tell you
about that and obviously I appreciate
that given the information i was able to
share i understand some of you have
written in saying you don't feel you
have enough information donate that's
fine I completely respect your decision
on the other hand I'm delighted of
course that many people have looked at
the information you've given them and
have decided to make that commitment
whether it was for ten dollars a hundred
dollars or a thousand dollars several
donors were very generous and gave
significantly and I of course I
appreciate that but I also have to
imagine for them they're probably
individuals who take this situation very
very seriously possibly for their own
personal reasons and possibly for the
long-term aspirational reasons that have
described so we thank you all thanks to
people give one dollar and thanks to
people to give a thousand dollars I
appreciate it all and I think you know
all of us are united in the principle of
this thing and I've always said you know
vegans are a diverse and divisive bunch
it's inevitable we're going to be united
by this for a short time and then
everyone can go back to debating the
politics and philosophy of veganism I've
said a million times people always
people always send me fan mail starting
with I love your channel I may not agree
with everything you say but of course
you don't if you want to hear someone
where you know you agree with everything
they say you can stand in front of the
mirror and make a podcast you know
listening to your own opinion you know
you come to this channel I'm glad you
can respect my opinion you can
disrespect my opinion you can agree you
can disagree but I know I have always
been pitching my message to a small
audience
who are really seriously interested in
these these topics and I have no
expectation that in the long term after
this controversy my channel is going to
you know become an enormous massively
popular channel because what I do by
definition is is interesting to a small
dedicated audience I also want to say
i'm racing to get this video wrapped up
in five or six minutes because uploading
in china has been extremely difficult
even with VPN sometimes i spent three
and a half hours uploading something
sometimes six and a half hours for these
short videos at low resolution using
YouTube has not been impossible but it
has been so difficult so intermittent so
unreliable that as I expected when I
opened up my patreon invited you guys to
join the main format I have for
expressing myself and its retching the
audience now is uploading podcasts to
patreon and I think that's going to
continue obviously just lately I've been
distracted with lawyers and banks and
with studying Chinese i am still you
know four hours a day five days a week
i'm in class and i have more time
studying chinese in many ways i think
this year will be tremendously
stimulating in terms of the life of the
mind for me i hope i mean in many ways i
hope this year is a turning point in my
life for the better but many people you
know um think that i'm now going to step
up this youtube channel to take on a
much larger role and the opposite is
almost true i think that in many ways
i'm going to be building more meaningful
relationships with other vegans who are
on youtube with vegan activists with a
small number of people who want to pay
the one dollar to join my patreon and
hear the updates on my life right now
i'm doing a Q&A or i'm answering
people's questions about veganism vegan
activism and related issues answering
whatever questions they wanted to send
me of course most of them are about
veganism some some of my private life
fine too uh but a relatively small
audience is coming along with me for
that adventure and during this year
ahead i do not think i will have the
luxury of really being heavily engaged
with youtube so that's a funny contrast
because many people have said that i'm
just a you know self-promoting huckster
who's taking advantage of this situation
too
try to launch my internet fame and
really in terms of what's going on in my
life right now the opposite is true I've
been spending a lot of time talking to
lawyers I've been spending a lot of time
at the bank trying to handle the
transfers I mentioned I've updated in
the description that really the target
we should be aiming for is about 6500 US
dollars when I reach 6500 I believe I
can close the the fundraiser I can cease
receiving donations and then and then
move on because I actually I was very
much afraid one of the reasons wet so
low why it's 5,000 rather than 6,500 to
start with I was concerned that I would
get so much money through paypal that
when I reach 5,000 with one I would be
over with the other and I did not want
to be in a situation where I had too
much from donations and have to figure
out how to return money or you know have
a vote on giving the excess money to
some charity that stuff is always really
lame when you do this kind of project
funding you want all the fun and you go
to the project and for that to be it so
the target i'm currently aiming for is
6500 and then i will cut off generosity
org so look guys I mean it's it's too
early to pat ourselves in the back it's
too early to be self congratulatory but
you know I think what we really have to
celebrate is that there is this
intelligent majority of vegans out there
who are just largely invisible and
largely silent the stupidest twenty
percent of vegans make the most noise
especially here on the internet and I've
said to other youtubers ask me for
advice I said you cannot define your
channel by the stupidest noisiest twenty
percent of your fans you have to make
the effort to respond to whether it's
the more intelligent fifty percent or
the most intelligent five percent it's
up to you but you have to realize I mean
I've got fans in my channel who watch it
once a month because they have real jobs
they have real responsibilities and you
know the type of people who come on
youtube every day who have that time to
commit you have to realize they're not
normal vegans and they're not even
normal representatives of just the
population of the country are living in
obviously includes from those are a lot
of the people I interact with my
I've got fans who come on my patreon
every day and send me messages and I
send them replies and I love that it's
great you know you have this some you
have this sort of illusion of
camaraderie around the world when the
reality is i'm living in kunming china
yo i mean i'm in very different
circumstances of course so that's nice
it's you know bring some light and
warmth in my life but there's also a
sense of what you have to remember there
is this largely unspoken silent
intelligent majority of vegans who've
been standing there this whole time with
their arms crossed looking at the circus
going on on youtube and maybe only
looking at it once a month I mean you
know there's so many vegans who have
still never heard of durianrider and
there's so many who just look at this
disapprovingly and in disbelief as say
they're just people with real jobs real
aspirations a real commitment to
veganism but who have never been part of
this game about Fame money Beauty sex
let alone the game about defamation hate
mail trying to destroy people daxing
people trying to destroy hbu away
exposing secrets in their private you
know um and the overall mood for that
you know a soft-spoken majority which I
think this fundraiser of tapped is what
you saw in that one eat video from Jake
Eames where Jake Eames you know was just
it's the part of the video where he's
not saying anything particularly just
sort of has his his head in his head of
hands and a thing how did it come to
this how did we know how is this what
vegan veganism has become in 2016 that's
a question a lot of us have been asking
and i hope this fundraiser this legal
case and you know future videos on this
channel I hope this marks a turning
point where we all resolve that you know
veganism should not be a game at its
core this has to be a political movement
for ecological and ethical change and
beauty and diet books and exercise and
vacations those can play some role I'm
not trying to kick them out but boy in
the last five years things really went
off the rails and now
you know this shows all around the world
thousands and thousands of people are
making the resolution to UM to make
veganism a dignified social movement